Amber Romero: Hi.
LIsa Anderson: How are you
Amber Romero: Are you
LIsa Anderson: Okay.
Amber Romero: Am I doing what
LIsa Anderson: Are you in a place. It's okay to hear and talk
Amber Romero: Yeah.
LIsa Anderson: It's like if you're in the car. Okay, good. How
LIsa Anderson: Last week,
Amber Romero: Um,
Amber Romero: I had a little bit of issues with with my prescription
Amber Romero: So I normally take it to Walmart and I don't have a problem, picking it up, but then
Amber Romero: When it came time to pick it up. They told me they weren't able to verify it.
Amber Romero: They
Amber Romero: weren't able to verify it. And if they weren't able to verify it. Then he wouldn't be able to. So they said that they had made
Amber Romero: They made the call, but nobody was calling them back. So I went and I called and the lady told me that there was somebody there, but she was with somebody and they don't know they're going to be able to have it verified that day so I explained to the lady that if
Amber Romero: That if I couldn't have it verified. I didn't have any more Suboxone that I was gonna get I'm gonna use because I'm not gonna be sick, you know and and
Amber Romero: I, for whatever reason they didn't verify it. So, okay, that's fine.
Amber Romero: I didn't, I didn't get my prescription on Friday. So then come Saturday.
Amber Romero: I went again to read it or to try to pick it up and they said that it, it still hadn't been verified. So then
Amber Romero: Eventually that day. It was verified and when I went to pick it up there were
Amber Romero: There was only 12
Amber Romero: Which means that this money was the last time that I took my prescription and I won't have any until sometime after group tomorrow. Once the script, the sentence filled so I probably will be till two o'clock, maybe three or four
Amber Romero: So like that's, I don't understand why why it was less. It was kind of odd.
Amber Romero: Especially when I got asked the doctor feet can make it higher.
LIsa Anderson: Right, that you know, that is that is all that it was less. Um, so I can send a note in today and I will let Dr Ouma know that you know you and I are meeting regularly and I know you've done a great job.
LIsa Anderson: Of making all your appointments, because that's a big piece of this is making sure that you're making your appointments and then that the doctor. The procedure is that they will set the script.
LIsa Anderson: For longer so that you don't have to keep going to the pharmacy. So I'm. It sounds like there was a delay. Maybe that was just a delay in them, verifying it
LIsa Anderson: But as long as you're, you know, you're compliant with your appointments, you should get a longer script so that you shouldn't have to go to the pharmacy so frequently
Amber Romero: Yeah.
LIsa Anderson: Okay, I wasn't
LIsa Anderson: Out to
Amber Romero: Wait, hold on just a second. I need to me.
Amber Romero: I'm driving and I can't really hear you. What's holding
LIsa Anderson: Take your time.
Amber Romero: Okay, can you hear me okay
LIsa Anderson: Yes, I can hear you now. Can you hear me.
LIsa Anderson: Okay. Okay, so, so I'll get on and send a message about that today. And maybe just I can inquire with your doctor.
LIsa Anderson: What was going on with that. But yeah, as long as you continue to show up for your appointments, they should give you a longer day script so that you won't have to go to the pharmacy is often
Amber Romero: Okay.
Amber Romero: I was only calling
Amber Romero: Once a once a week, which is fine. And I never had issues picking it up. It's all
Amber Romero: Disappointed because
Amber Romero: I
Amber Romero: Mean I told them, if I have it. I was
Amber Romero: I was gonna do heroin. I told him just like
Amber Romero: The girl. She said that she sent a message to a supervisor even and and you know what's odd is that
Amber Romero: That same day, they called me. I missed the call. They didn't leave a message, but when I did call back
Amber Romero: They had told the lady to the phone told me that they were calling
Amber Romero: In regards to verifying the prescription change. And I told her, there wasn't any change. It was just to verify the prescription was was valid.
Amber Romero: And she's like, Oh, well, they didn't call. So I asked them all if they didn't cry. Why are they calling me and not calling
Amber Romero: The pharmacy, they were supposed to call the pharmacy. They weren't supposed to call me.
Amber Romero: Was another thing that
Amber Romero: Really upset about actually
Amber Romero: Lady. I think for me, why did she fall
LIsa Anderson: Yeah, you know, I saw some some reference to that in your chart and and I am sorry that you had that frustration.
LIsa Anderson: Hopefully that was just a one time thing. And we can get you going on your prescriptions. But I asked me amber when you when you say, Well, you know, if I don't get my prescription and I'm just use heroin.
LIsa Anderson: You know I'm hearing you. I'm hearing you don't want to go into withdrawal, but
LIsa Anderson: Who does that. Who does that hurt.
LIsa Anderson: That
Amber Romero: Was the one
LIsa Anderson: Who does that hurt you know is this to get back it
LIsa Anderson: You know it.
How does that make sense.
Amber Romero: Are you there.
LIsa Anderson: Yeah, I'm here. Can you, can you hear me now.
Amber Romero: Yeah.
LIsa Anderson: So, do you hear what you're saying there.
LIsa Anderson: Can you hear me now.
LIsa Anderson: Yes. Okay, so my question to you is when you're kind of frustrated and I understand that frustration about not being able to get your prescription. But then you're saying, you know, if I can't get it. I'm just going to use heroin.
LIsa Anderson: So So walk me through your, your thinking in that have a food that's gonna hurt or get back at
Amber Romero: It just came from, because I, I'm not gonna say
Amber Romero: I do you say
Amber Romero: It was, it was more along the lines of putting a sense of urgency on it, you know, because I would think that, you know,
Amber Romero: Participants to go backwards, you know,
Amber Romero: And
Amber Romero: So I mean that that was my. That was my thought process on it. Oh, so I'm not sick and I am. And then you guys know like important because
Amber Romero: I kind of took it as they were gonna just throw it in the message and oh I was even told somebody will be there until Monday.
Amber Romero: So before I die within us. They had told me that no one's gonna be there till Monday. So that's when I said, Okay, well, I don't mean I'm not going to sit. If it's not verified that I'm just going to
Amber Romero: Going to use it.
Amber Romero: A lot of the reason why I stayed by doing so long, but I didn't wanna I didn't want a kid. I got hurt.
Amber Romero: So,
LIsa Anderson: So I guess. Do you see what I'm saying that there's other ways maybe that I want you to communicate and think communicate to yourself. Most importantly,
LIsa Anderson: Is is taking responsibility for yourself. So, so, absolutely. That was a sense of urgency. I know it can be tough to get in touch with, um, sometimes the admins down for the weekend. I've tried to get in touch with them over the weekend to and and definitely that is a sense of urgency, but
LIsa Anderson: What you're saying to me.
LIsa Anderson: And Friday. Right. And then for them right for them to say, oh, there's no one here until Monday. Absolutely. That is frustrating but like the way you're saying it now is is
LIsa Anderson: You know you don't want to be sick, you, you want to get your script. You want to do what's keeping you on the right path. So you're taking responsibility for those steps.
LIsa Anderson: You're taking responsibility for for your own actions and that's that's what recovery. I mean, first, first step you know i mean i hear you, that you don't want to be sick, but um
LIsa Anderson: You know, if you were choose. I'm glad that you didn't. But if you had chosen us this weekend.
LIsa Anderson: You know that that's kind of
LIsa Anderson: You know, I want you to just be in a place where you're in the driver's seat.
LIsa Anderson: Where, where your partners in this. But, but your, this is your recovery is your life.
LIsa Anderson: So, you know, we want to make sure that things are a smooth process. From now on, as far as getting your scripts and yeah you know they should, they should give you that longer day supply, but I just kind of want to throw that out there that this is your life, no one else's
Amber Romero: Yeah.
LIsa Anderson: You know, it doesn't it doesn't hurt us. It doesn't hurt the person answering the phone at the pharmacy. Um, if you use you know it.
LIsa Anderson: It hurts you. It hurts your kids, it
Amber Romero: Also says
Amber Romero: Every
Amber Romero: Place.
Amber Romero: I don't know.
Amber Romero: This
Amber Romero: Is
Amber Romero: Me tell you
Amber Romero: By Saturday in the afternoon.
Amber Romero: I
Amber Romero: still hadn't been verified so had been filled. So I was
Amber Romero: On, hold on.
LIsa Anderson: Let me. Yeah, and I'm gonna pull up and see if I can see anything on my end here in your chart.
LIsa Anderson: So it looks like um
LIsa Anderson: Yeah, this was on the 17th and
LIsa Anderson: And you're going to use them all the time you bank.
Amber Romero: Not well I
Amber Romero: During that time, I was waiting for for because of all the ideas to verify the prescription. The second call was to change the pharmacy to the Walgreens, because I was I was having issues at Walmart and I don't have these issues at Walgreens.
Amber Romero: Was
Amber Romero: Um,
LIsa Anderson: Okay, well, so I am I, you know, I am sorry that there was that delay, I, I hear you, that you know you don't want to go into astrology, it's you know why you're doing this.
LIsa Anderson: So you got that prescription eventually you're going to have group tomorrow, so I definitely would just talk with her doctor and
LIsa Anderson: Just asked about getting that script.
LIsa Anderson: For that
LIsa Anderson: And if they can verify it. You know, especially excited to the day right so that you're not running
LIsa Anderson: You know, running into this issue of it coming up on the weekend.
LIsa Anderson: Yeah, so, um, yeah. I am sorry, frustration, but you know definitely you can like what you do and what's within your control.
LIsa Anderson: And it sounds like you did that, you know, calling and following up
LIsa Anderson: You know, that's
LIsa Anderson: That's only you cannot use only you can make that choice for yourself.
LIsa Anderson: Yeah, I
Do
Amber Romero: The email that I sent
Amber Romero: To
Amber Romero: Somebody named Don
LIsa Anderson: Okay, um,
Amber Romero: Is
Amber Romero: D R E LL
LIsa Anderson: Yes.
And brought her
LIsa Anderson: Doctor
Amber Romero: received a response from her. So it says now five days ago.
LIsa Anderson: Dr. All men is your, is your main doctor. Yeah.
Amber Romero: I was given this email from a friend of mine who actually referred me to the program. So I she said that
Amber Romero: This was the email that she had but this lady was maybe like a supervisor or something, I don't know, but
Amber Romero: It was the only I was able to get so I
LIsa Anderson: Okay, yeah, she she's one of our doctors and then you know you're going to have group tomorrow with Dr. Solomon. So, um, you know, I would definitely just whenever he checks in with you just, you know, kind of asked him if he's going to be able to get your
LIsa Anderson: You know your prescription in and as long as you know you're doing those drug screens to and, you know, attending all of your appointments
LIsa Anderson: Hopefully, it shouldn't be an issue going forward.
LIsa Anderson: So,
Amber Romero: Yeah I my. Oh, it's not. I mean, I'm a female now.
I know
LIsa Anderson: It's for it. You know, it's still early on, hopefully, maybe it's just getting some folks out and hopefully you won't have this issue again in the future. Um,
LIsa Anderson: So let me ask him, her since since last week, I know you've mentioned that there was a lot of stress going on, you know, some fights or or arguments.
LIsa Anderson: With some, you know, some relationships and stuff and you had that slip up with math.
LIsa Anderson: You know, how have you been doing. Now this week. Any slip up since then.
Know,
Amber Romero: Kind of slow, I guess.
Amber Romero: My, my biggest issue was what happened over the weekend with the with the prescription, um,
Amber Romero: And then
Amber Romero: You know, not having enough but aside from not having enough like one day short being and then I had asked to have it.
Amber Romero: My increase too wordy.
Amber Romero: You know, it's
Amber Romero: Kind of slow
Amber Romero: Down.
Amber Romero: That hasn't changed.
Amber Romero: As far as like me being able to sleep and stuff.
Amber Romero: So like
Amber Romero: Monday, maybe I stayed up Monday. Monday night, and then Tuesday. And then I ended up falling asleep. Probably Wednesday morning, about two o'clock I slept all day Wednesday and then
Amber Romero: Probably
Amber Romero: Up until this morning about four or five o'clock.
LIsa Anderson: Okay, so your sleep schedule has been pretty pretty disrupted. Um,
Amber Romero: Yeah, it's been pretty crazy. Um,
LIsa Anderson: So last week when you had used when you have used methamphetamine. How long did that keep you up. How long were you up.
Amber Romero: It, it really doesn't keep me up.
Amber Romero: Like I can. I got to a point where I was able to smoke and then go to sleep and eat.
Amber Romero: Okay. Oh.
LIsa Anderson: So, you know, it does disrupt your sleep schedule, though, um,
LIsa Anderson: So remember we were talking about
LIsa Anderson: Last time that you can just all the chemicals in your brain. It, it takes
LIsa Anderson: It takes some time.
LIsa Anderson: For your brain regulate itself.
LIsa Anderson: For just for all of those
LIsa Anderson: chemicals in your brain.
LIsa Anderson: That affects sleep that affect energy, those can take months to get back into balance.
LIsa Anderson: Dr. All men can't
LIsa Anderson: Sleep.
LIsa Anderson: You know that that can be sure
LIsa Anderson: You know, we talked a little bit about just kind of
LIsa Anderson: sleep hygiene. So just trying to get on a consistent
LIsa Anderson: Schedule where you could try to go to bed and wake up at the same time every day.
Amber Romero: Right.
LIsa Anderson: So, so there's definitely you know just kind of those routine and behavioral things that that you can do. And, you know, in combination with maybe a sleep medication.
LIsa Anderson: That might help. And in an early recovery, it's really common to have you. No problem. Sleeping.
LIsa Anderson: So that's, you know, that's something maybe to bring up in group tomorrow as well you know that maybe a medication can help, but also maybe for you to just try to get on a set routine, you know, if you slept until 4pm today, like if you slept a lot of the day.
LIsa Anderson: Then that might make sense that you're going to then have a hard time sleeping tonight.
LIsa Anderson: Right, like your days and nights are playing
LIsa Anderson: Good.
LIsa Anderson: Um, is the anxiety still pretty pretty high this week.
Amber Romero: Yeah. Yeah, it is. I mean, it's true. I don't know if it's turning into stress or whatever, like, I'm like, my eyes are starting to twitch um
Amber Romero: I yeah that's really the worst one is my i
Amber Romero: Am I did mixed over a la
Amber Romero: La, la,
LIsa Anderson: I'm, I'm just looking at those
LIsa Anderson: worksheets that you filled out amber talking about your anxiety levels.
LIsa Anderson: For some reason on that one GA d seven. I'm just seeing that score from last week. That was pretty high pretty severe anxiety. Um okay then then depression. We talked about that last week. How's your mood in
Amber Romero: I'm
LIsa Anderson: Feeling down or
Amber Romero: The same
Amber Romero: Mean, generally, I'm not up and down like that, you know,
Amber Romero: Doesn't really take me a lot to get
Amber Romero: Mad, but when they get mad, I'm
Amber Romero: pretty upset.
LIsa Anderson: Like that issue with the prescription was
LIsa Anderson: Right, a big frustration.
Amber Romero: Oh, yeah.
Amber Romero: You know, it's like, especially because I had to, you know, like
Amber Romero: Take the extra steps to be like, Hey, hey guys and
Amber Romero: You know i i know i felt as if it could have been done like better. I took three or four minutes to give the pharmacy a call instead of taking three or four minutes to give me a call, you know, and then
Amber Romero: Aside from that, it was to less so, like, I'm like, kind of in the same situation because now I don't have any. I don't have any Suboxone and I potentially won't have any until about
Amber Romero: I'm from this maybe this time or later tomorrow it's 130 groups at 1212 to one and send it takes. I don't know how long I
Amber Romero: Last, last week when I went I went about five and it still hadn't been verified. So, like, I mean, I didn't. I haven't run into that issue before and that in the last week and the week prior to that I didn't run into that issue so
Amber Romero: I mean i i don't
LIsa Anderson: Know, hopefully that's just maybe a fluke that happened last week, I would definitely bring it up with Dr. Solomon, you know, when you have tomorrow, just to say, you know,
LIsa Anderson: Is it fair, you know, will it be verified so that you can pick it up and then will you be eligible for that longer script, because you have you've been making all of your appointments
LIsa Anderson: You know you've been following through on your end, so, um, yeah. So I yeah so that that definitely I'm hearing that was the big thing this past week.
LIsa Anderson: What about pain, how, how was your pain level this past week of
Have any physical
Amber Romero: Physical
Amber Romero: I mean the same. It doesn't get any better. I'm
Amber Romero: Mean, there's days. It gets worse. But it doesn't get any better. It's, it's at a constant always
Amber Romero: You know, I've gotten used to that over the years.
LIsa Anderson: Okay, okay. So, about the same. And then what about kind of relationship and family stress. I know last week was pretty tough with with your kids dad getting out of jail, and you mentioned a fight or an argument with your partner, how, how are you feeling about that stuff. Now this week.
Amber Romero: Um, yeah, it's better. I mean,
Amber Romero: Oh my, Daniel.
Amber Romero: Daniel has
Amber Romero: Done.
Amber Romero: Urgency not an urgency, but a high expectation as to what I'm supposed to do or how I'm supposed to handle things. And when I don't he gets mad and see like
Amber Romero: We've been together since we like, Gosh, he was still in his teens. I was in my early 20s. So like I'm 35 now, you know, and I used to let him get away with a lot of stuff. So when he would like sit there and make basically talk share or
Amber Romero: Tell me things that he didn't like I would just not thinking, you know, just kind of let him walk all over me, And lately. I haven't been doing that. I know have been
Amber Romero: yelling at him back, so to say, or, you know, telling him why I'm doing this this Saturday the other. And, you know, he asked why why I'm why I'm so like mean so to say. And I told him like, I'm not gonna let him like treat me like that or let him punk me and the last time.
Amber Romero: You see on Friday, we were having it was our girls him and I were having a video.
Amber Romero: And
Amber Romero: I don't know, he said something he said something to me that that that really like
Amber Romero: It didn't bother me until it started bothering my kids and my daughter, my daughter said, Hey, don't talk to my mom like that.
Amber Romero: You know, and then he kept on going and she told him. If you want to talk about something you wanted to talk about. How about an apparent you've been she told that to to her dad and you know you stopped. And then at that time, you know the the call was ended.
Amber Romero: And I ended up talking to my daughter by herself. And, you know, she told me, you know, don't let him talk to you like that. And I had to explain to her that you know there are things that should be said. And that shouldn't be said in front of the kids and I've never like
Amber Romero: Talked bad to them about their data. I've never, you know, like talk like fought with him in front of the kids like so I had to explain that to her. So she understood, but you know I after that I didn't talk to him, probably for about three or four days until he finally called
Amber Romero: You know cuz he knows I'm not, I'm not gonna kiss us. I'm not going to chase him and and i think he knows that. So he's been a lot better. A lot better with me.
Amber Romero: Okay.
LIsa Anderson: Well yeah, I am sorry that you know you had that experience of him being disrespectful, especially in front of your daughter and I think you're absolutely right to kind of then have that time where you just talked to her by yourself and say you know that's not okay.
LIsa Anderson: For that, you know, argument or for him to be speaking to you that way in front of her. And you know, I know you mentioned to me that in the past. You've been probably verbally and emotionally and maybe even physically abusive, a few times.
LIsa Anderson: In the past, and so are you saying you feel like now you're at a point where maybe you didn't you weren't as assertive to him, like when you were younger, and now you're kind of standing up for yourself and asserting yourself more
LIsa Anderson: Yeah.
Amber Romero: I'd be safe to say because you know like we both were both in our 30s. Now, it's not like it was when we were in our early, early 20s teenager years, you know, like this, they grow up.
LIsa Anderson: Say that he was speaking to you recently would be verbally abusive. Did you feel it was emotionally abusive.
Amber Romero: Um,
Amber Romero: I think he tried to be
Amber Romero: You know, um,
Amber Romero: I don't know. I don't. I think sometimes he doesn't think before he speaks and it just kind of like
Amber Romero: Like, as if he took x slacks for the mouth. It just kind of like spews out like diarrhea, you know,
Amber Romero: It's kind of hard to say just I don't think he realizes the severity of what he says until the damages are done.
Amber Romero: You know, and he
Amber Romero: He has I think he has a hard time apologizing go but like i mean i need to. But the thing that is things that he said
Amber Romero: In reference to why he said it. I mean, he knows it was inappropriate. He didn't say he didn't apologize sorry for being but I mean
Amber Romero: Once like once my daughter started telling him what she told him like he stopped and it hurt him. You know, so like Tony, which is
Amber Romero: The lady who has my kids Daniels as Daniel cousin, my one of my daughter's godmother. She actually used to be my best friend back when we were in college, but um
Amber Romero: You know she ended up calling me and her and I talked, and then she ended up calling him and I don't know what they talked about, really. I don't really care what they talked about. But I mean, since then it's been a lot better to me. So he's been dancer. Yeah.
Amber Romero: But
LIsa Anderson: Um, you know, it's still yeah I mean you're you're calling him out on this behavior in
LIsa Anderson: letting him know that it's not okay, sounds like your daughter really was, which, you know, I think, of course, you'll want to have her see like what a healthy relationship is
LIsa Anderson: You know having him, you know, not speak to you in that way. But then definitely you know having her kind of be in the middle of it puts you in a really tough situation and puts her in early tough situation to
Amber Romero: Yeah, it does.
LIsa Anderson: But I am glad like you and her were able to talk after
LIsa Anderson: Okay, well that yeah that sounds tough in, you know, definitely.
LIsa Anderson: Want you to be in a healthy place and in a safe place with him, because I know you mentioned to me last week, so he had just gotten out of jail recently.
Amber Romero: Yes, go to prison. Yeah.
LIsa Anderson: Okay. Um, so are you guys, I'm kind of like co parenting together right now. You've seen him obviously since he got out.
Amber Romero: We're just kind of
Amber Romero: Um, well, I mean, Tony's open to suggestions, you know, as far as like parenting and stuff. My, my activity with the girls isn't monitored.
Amber Romero: Compared to his. I mean, I, I've been working on this with my girls for a while, already so she aside from that, she she knows how she was and she knows how he has to
Amber Romero: So mean he still has a little bit of adjusting to do but
Amber Romero: I mean, at this point, she is their legal guardian, so we don't
Amber Romero: We don't work were like reestablishing like parentage, so to say, I guess, right.
LIsa Anderson: So what's kind of, how would you describe the relationship between you and Daniel right now.
Amber Romero: I'm like, No, we're
Amber Romero: We were friends.
Amber Romero: Okay, we're supposed to be working towards, like, you know, getting back together and all this crap but um I
Amber Romero: Mean, he has he has to stuff to handle I have myself to handle and
Amber Romero: I mean, right now we're like living situation we're in two different living situations and and that that's okay. There's nothing wrong with that. But, you know, we
Amber Romero: We talk everyday we send pictures back and forth. And, you know, I'll see him when I can. But like he's he's on parole is at his sisters and with this.
Amber Romero: coronavirus his sister is taking the quarantine thing. You know, like 200% so he doesn't leave the house without her. And it kind of makes it difficult because he's he's been in prison, and I say, for the last four years. He's only been out for about two or three months.
Amber Romero: So I'm
Amber Romero: Never having to get out and then basically be on house arrest them in a really shitty. But I mean, it'll well as
LIsa Anderson: Well, it is good.
LIsa Anderson: Good timing, though, that he got released and in this at less risk than he would be then if he were in in prison. Still, as far as getting sick. I'm so, so you mentioned, he's on parole. Was he was he using before. Was he somebody that you use Twitter back
LIsa Anderson: Yeah, okay.
LIsa Anderson: So how are you feeling about that now is, is he clean. Do you feel it's it's okay to be around him.
Amber Romero: Yeah, he's he's always
Amber Romero: He's never condone getting high II.
Amber Romero: II okay with that, actually, um, you know, I'd say there's been like many, many, many, many, many, many, many countless times that he has
Amber Romero: You know, would say like remove me from the situation and to to help me kick and it would get me like the box in order
Amber Romero: To help with the chicken and like Trump zones asleep so that way I can take in and he's he's tried over and over and over and just over and over and over. I want to and
Amber Romero: You know, so he's like I said he's never condoned it
Amber Romero: He Himself has been clean from heroin for two years now. Okay, so they he's, he did that on his own.
Amber Romero: I know he has access to it like being in prison, probably more access than we do here on the streets.
Amber Romero: I am waiting for his
Amber Romero: His insurance to kick in, because he I told him about this program and he's interested in and participating. So are you guys
Amber Romero: I'm just waiting for his a
Amber Romero: Medicaid to get approved, I guess.
LIsa Anderson: Got it. Okay, well good. You know, I mean, that's good that he was supportive of, you know, of your past efforts and trying to get clean that he was helping you.
LIsa Anderson: But, you know, definitely. I'm sure it's, you know, maybe hard for him right now. This is a big transition for him. So absolutely. I think if his you know once his insurance kicks in and you know if he can get involved with the program, you know, just for whatever form of support would
LIsa Anderson: Would work for him, just so that you guys kind of our
LIsa Anderson: Innocence doing this together that you're both a positive influence you know that he's a positive influence on you that he's a person who is encouraging your recovery, you know, porting your recovery.
LIsa Anderson: You know, and not possibly
LIsa Anderson: You know someone who you used with in the past or, you know, some of that you associate using with
LIsa Anderson: You know that he's a safe person for you.
Amber Romero: Yeah.
LIsa Anderson: Okay, and what about humans. I know you talked about, you know, your, your parents and friends and other people in your circle are all of those people in your circle. I'm drug free
Amber Romero: Yeah, okay. Yeah, they are.
Amber Romero: All right, darling. Well, yeah, no, they are
Amber Romero: Okay, it's easier that way.
LIsa Anderson: Yeah, definitely. Okay, good. Well,
LIsa Anderson: I'm
LIsa Anderson: You know, Amber I know you know we we've kind of just been getting to know each other and
LIsa Anderson: Like you know you're sharing with me a lot of where you're at, um, one question that I kind of was thinking about with you is, is what is rock bottom for you. Do you feel like you've you've had that kind of rock bottom moment.
Amber Romero: Um, no, cuz you know when I thought I hit rock bottom. I found out that our basement so I never really
Amber Romero: Knew when when I thought I was doing the worst day about works well I don't
Amber Romero: I don't know me, I
Amber Romero: kind of felt like everything that could ever happen to me. That was bad, as has happened, you know, and
Amber Romero: I've always heard people say, oh, well, once you hit the bottom you have nowhere to go but up but
Amber Romero: But I didn't know with me. It was like, Okay, well, what's the bottom I, you know, was able to dig deeper. So
Amber Romero: Oh, I don't know.
LIsa Anderson: I mean it. You know, it's different for everyone, um, you know, I can't, I can't imagine how it would offend to be away from your children.
LIsa Anderson: You know, I know. See why FD takes a lot of steps before they get to that point.
LIsa Anderson: So, you know, just even going a day without seeing them.
LIsa Anderson: You know so i i hope that this is it that you know that that may be was was the big moment. Maybe the big wake up call.
Amber Romero: Yes and no. Because once that happened like this was our it's already been maybe like three years. No, but it's been like this, but um
Amber Romero: I mean, all that did was was make me us even more because they need to suppress that thing.
Amber Romero: You know, so like
Amber Romero: You know, it's the thing now is just like reestablishing myself and even Daniel as well because I'm mean Tony's already made it known many, many times that she doesn't. She doesn't want to raise our children. And as long as we
Amber Romero: Can prove
Amber Romero: It in a safe environment, um, she will depart and give us our kids back
Amber Romero: You know, but we have to
Amber Romero: Wait until Sophia as well. And she is. She said she'll be 11 this year.
Amber Romero: So it's just it's just working on, you know, on doing the things that we have to do.
Amber Romero: You know, so like I I told her that, you know, I was participating in this program and stuff. And it was voluntary and you know like I give her my progress, like I said she, she was at one time. My, my best friend. This before I was with Daniel just so happened to be your cousin.
LIsa Anderson: And that waiting until Sophia turns 12. Was that something that the Court stipulated just so that she's
That you know it's
Amber Romero: Something
Amber Romero: It's something within like New Mexico guidelines for parents who had parental rights terminated.
Amber Romero: I'm not quite sure, like the the details of it. I just know that Tony is the one that actually looked into it because you know she supports.
Amber Romero: Anything that Daniel, or I would do to, you know, to, to get back with her with our family and she's the one that looked into everything and all that stuff. Okay.
LIsa Anderson: Okay, good. Well, I am glad that you know you're on on this path to
LIsa Anderson: You know, to improve the relationship with them. I'm sure there's a lot of hurt there that they've been through a lot too.
Amber Romero: Oh, yeah.
LIsa Anderson: And, you know, as, as you go through this process. And I think as you go through this recovery and you know sometimes those steps do involve like making amends.
LIsa Anderson: You know, trying to start the repair of those wounds with people that you've heard people that you've heard through your addiction. So, you know, I think that could maybe be
LIsa Anderson: You know, be something to to look at as as you go through this, you know, thinking about the people that your, your, your drug uses hurt.
Amber Romero: Yeah.
LIsa Anderson: And especially, you know that they they were innocent in all of this. But, you know, they'll, you know, you're still there. Mom, I think they're, you know, they're always going to need you. And yeah, anything you can do to kind of repair. Those, those connections, like you said,
LIsa Anderson: Just to try to you know be involved as much as you can, and their day to day know them and and you know now they're teenagers. So they're in a tricky place.
LIsa Anderson: Anyway, but to really try to be there for them as much as you can.
Yeah.
LIsa Anderson: Okay. Um, well I'm glad that so those you know those family stressors and some of those relationships stuff has kind of
LIsa Anderson: You know stabilized, a little bit since last week because I know you said with Daniel getting out of prison that just brought up a lot of emotions for you last week.
Yeah.
LIsa Anderson: The past.
LIsa Anderson: And, you know, thinking about, like, when that anger comes up when that hurt comes up, you know, just thinking about how you're going to process those emotions.
LIsa Anderson: And for you. Your go to has always been using, it's been, it sounds like you. You have a feeling it was a negative feeling use you use drugs to mask that feeling. Yeah. Makes sense.
LIsa Anderson: And so I think one of the things that we can kind of work on is just helping you sit with those feelings.
LIsa Anderson: And feel those feelings. I'm going to write down something called distress tolerance, so
LIsa Anderson: distress tolerance. Basically what that means is, like, you feel a feeling it's uncomfortable and for you to get to get clean long term permanently is is to learn how to sit with those feelings and to learn how to cope with those feelings without substances.
LIsa Anderson: Because life's hard life is going to be hard life's going to be painful. You know, it doesn't, you know, having a clean mind from here forward isn't a promise of a life without pain.
LIsa Anderson: But but learning how to how to handle that pain that might come up
LIsa Anderson: Without using
LIsa Anderson: That kind of makes sense.
LIsa Anderson: Yeah. Um, so I think I kind of know the answer to this. But what would you say would be the, the biggest thing. Looking forward to, you know, for you being clean and having that stability, what
LIsa Anderson: reconfiguration hmm, yeah. Having your kids back having that family having that home. Um, if, if you were to continue using, where would you see that path taking you
Amber Romero: Know, we're having charity been. Sure, sure.
LIsa Anderson: Yeah, so, so. No, we're good. Nowhere that you haven't already been
LIsa Anderson: And eventually, the only two roads that continued use will lead you is prison or the grave.
LIsa Anderson: Maybe you've heard that before.
LIsa Anderson: You know either either you'll end up in jail, you'll end up in prison or you end up dead, those, those are really the only two options.
LIsa Anderson: For you to, you know, continue using
LIsa Anderson: So,
LIsa Anderson: You know not to sound harsh but but that's the truth that's that's kind of the reality.
Amber Romero: Yeah, it's not anything. I haven't heard before.
LIsa Anderson: Hi, you know, not tomorrow, not next week but but eventually and and
LIsa Anderson: Not that even that path would be without consequences which you've, you've already had a lot of those consequences, you know, getting your kids taken away, being in jail losing jobs, you know, losing a home losing relationships.
LIsa Anderson: Yeah. Oh.
LIsa Anderson: You know, I think maybe looking forward to
LIsa Anderson: You know you've, you've been there, done that. But there were so many things that you don't even know what's in store for you. You know, you know, some of the good things that that you can get out of it. If you keep, you know, if you keep keep clean
LIsa Anderson: And and who knows what you can accomplish staying clean. Like, who knows the good things that can come your way.
LIsa Anderson: But, but I think you already have the side of some of that having relationship with your kids, letting them have a mom again.
LIsa Anderson: You know, providing for them being able to raise
Them.
LIsa Anderson: That's the biggest thing, right.
Right.
LIsa Anderson: Okay, um,
LIsa Anderson: We talked about those baby steps as far as like thinking about working. Um, I am worried for you ever, like just about your sleep.
LIsa Anderson: You know that, then if you're not sleeping, you've been up for days at a time and then you know you kind of crash and like sleep all day.
LIsa Anderson: You know, that is going to be hard, of course, to, to keep a steady job.
LIsa Anderson: So his his his sleep medication, something you want to try. Do you want to print that off with Dr omen, um,
LIsa Anderson: Do you want to give it a couple days or
Amber Romero: I don't know, I kind of feel like
Amber Romero: Maybe the anxiety has a lot to do with it. And that's why I'm always moving around a lot, too, because it hurts in my late for that. I, I already asked him, you know about
Amber Romero: Something for anxiety and
Amber Romero: I don't know if he's like just completely disregarded that or if you're just like, yeah, we'll give it a try and kind of put it off like he didn't ask him.
Amber Romero: Like I don't know I don't know I mean
Amber Romero: I kind of feel like if I take a sleeping medication. I probably get like codependent on that as well, you know,
LIsa Anderson: Yeah, no, I hear what you're saying, I don't. Yeah, I wanna
LIsa Anderson: So,
LIsa Anderson: You know, I think.
LIsa Anderson: Let's, let's kind of defer to you on that. But I think as far as like anxiety medication.
LIsa Anderson: Recovery.
LIsa Anderson: Um, you know, I don't want you to feel so anxious are so stressed out that you can't function. But, you know, this is coming from someone who says
LIsa Anderson: That you use drugs because you you feel feelings that are difficult, right.
LIsa Anderson: Or that one of the reasons that you use, you know, getting
LIsa Anderson: Kids ticket.
LIsa Anderson: You know, I mean,
LIsa Anderson: I can't imagine horrible that must have felt so drugs to map those feelings you know it.
LIsa Anderson: Takes it is isn't comfortable, you know those feelings of panic.
LIsa Anderson: You know those racing thoughts.
Amber Romero: We
LIsa Anderson: All get those
LIsa Anderson: Um, you know, I definitely don't want you to
LIsa Anderson: You know, if it's if it's severe to where you're experiencing that all
LIsa Anderson: Or to the point that it's
LIsa Anderson: Your ability to function or do
Amber Romero: Anything to things.
LIsa Anderson: Like for someone who has used drugs for a long time because you couldn't sit with those emotions. This might be a time for you to kind of know for us to work together on on tools.
LIsa Anderson: To feel your feelings to to cope in other ways.
LIsa Anderson: So that's kind of, you know, I don't know if it's still early, um, you know, I definitely I think it's something worth bringing up with Dr. Solomon and you know if he does feel like it's appropriate to prescribe something
LIsa Anderson: You know that that's for you guys to work out, you know, I want you to be able to function, though, so you know if if your, if your sleep is really interfering with that are things. It is feeling with that. But it looks like you are going out.
LIsa Anderson: So it sounds like you're, you're not so anxious to where you can't
LIsa Anderson: leave the house or or get out of bed or
Amber Romero: Yeah, I know. I know that's I'm just overly tired. I, I gotta get out of bed like I i can't i can't say still
LIsa Anderson: It almost sounds like a you know a little bit of
LIsa Anderson: Restlessness and and you know, like I said, your brain and your body and getting back on track that that can be a part of you, you know, just kind of
LIsa Anderson: Being off of drugs, you know, and methamphetamine too is, you know, can cause some of that paranoia can cause some of that restlessness can cause a lot of sleep disturbance. So, um,
Amber Romero: Yeah, I mean, it had it.
Amber Romero: Had it been longer than a couple days, then I could maybe you know understand how that would fit into my situation, but I'm
Amber Romero: Me because I i I've used mess for like long periods of time to where I couldn't even get out of bed, unless I had my revenue, the heroin to not be sticking in its a math. I knew the master to have the energy
Amber Romero: But I mean over like for this last weekend or whatever or the weekend before rather
Amber Romero: Mean, had it been longer than the one time, then maybe it would apply, but
Amber Romero: I mean I I don't feel like it was it was the the math that had any, anything to contribute to
Amber Romero: You know this this week or last week, not being able to sleep, you know,
LIsa Anderson: Like you said it was a pretty short period of time.
LIsa Anderson: That you were using it. Yeah, but your, your sleep had been going on before that. So I would just, just try to encourage you to give yourself a little bit of time.
LIsa Anderson: Just to let your, your body kind of be clear of of all of that.
LIsa Anderson: You know, try to get in a routine of going to bed at the same time every night waking up at the same time each day.
LIsa Anderson: You know, maybe try to
LIsa Anderson: You know, just getting that good habits of like winding down before bedtime.
LIsa Anderson: You know, I know it's hard right now because there's not a lot of routine. But, you know, just trying to
LIsa Anderson: You know, not stay up all night trying to try to force yourself to go to sleep. If you can
LIsa Anderson: And then even just try to force yourself to wake up so that you can get back on track.
LIsa Anderson: To
LIsa Anderson: wake cycle.
LIsa Anderson: So yeah, I know you know that's that's hard right now if you don't have a whole lot of routine, but um yeah I want to encourage you, Amber, because I think you are on a good path. You know, I'm sorry, that there was all of that.
LIsa Anderson: Issues with the prescriptions, but I'll see what I can find out on my end. Hopefully that was just a one time.
LIsa Anderson: You know mistake that it took so long to get verified.
Amber Romero: Yeah i mean i i hope so, to
Amber Romero: Me, I
Amber Romero: I switched
Amber Romero: pharmacies to to Walgreens is my, what is my normal fantasy, but I don't know why I chose Walmart.
LIsa Anderson: Yeah, no.
LIsa Anderson: You didn't you know you didn't know. Um, so, okay, how, how is how is social distancing treating you are you
LIsa Anderson: Are you feeling cooped up or I
Amber Romero: I didn't listen to it. I'm, I'm, I'm, I can't. It's just me. I get it. You know, stop stops, you know, spreading drums or whatever.
Amber Romero: To me, I, I can't. I mean, I cannot. I cannot say cafe so much I stay in one place.
Um,
Amber Romero: So i mean i i never really
Amber Romero: Listened to that role. Um,
Amber Romero: You know i i don't know i just. It's hard to explain.
Amber Romero: I
Amber Romero: Mean I can probably tolerate being home for
Amber Romero: Maybe two days tops, where I, I can't. I can't. And I won't just, you know, because I've, I've been in jail. I've been confined i i
Amber Romero: Just can't do it. I don't want to
You know, and
Amber Romero: As far as them.
Amber Romero: You know there's there's homeless people that are on the streets and stuff and you know they don't have anywhere to go. And I mean they're, they're not like sort of say, doing anything to those people. So you really
Amber Romero: Can't take someone off the street, they don't have anywhere to go, you know, so I mean there's there's still
Amber Romero: You know, of course, like the want to keep everybody off the streets, but the reality of it is, it's, it's not going to happen for everybody and
Amber Romero: I mean, I am overall I'm pretty healthy and i mean i that you know they say that this is, um, you know, like, you know, pretty traumatizing a pretty bad or whatnot. But, I mean, I have
Amber Romero: Yeah, I have my thoughts on it. I
Amber Romero: Don't know. I just kind of guess I don't agree with what they're saying it is, you know, I could be wrong but I mean absolutely nobody I know has got the coronavirus or symptoms of ad or anything like that. It's just, you know, it's always a friend of a friend of somebody and
Amber Romero: You know, just so I mean maybe if it was more
Amber Romero: Like personal my immediate or even next to immediate life, then I would probably take it a little bit more serious but
Amber Romero: Um,
Amber Romero: Yeah, I don't know. I think it's more along the lines of, like, population control and tactics for re election for Trump and
Amber Romero: You know, just, things of that nature. Yeah.
LIsa Anderson: No, and I just asked because, um, you know, you do seem a bit restless. So I was just curious if you have been out and about, you know, so definitely that restlessness. I think what's kind of
LIsa Anderson: Keep checking in on that. I know you talked about, you know, just going to the park going for a walk. Has that been helpful.
LIsa Anderson: Phil. Have you been able to get on. Yeah.
Okay.
Amber Romero: Yeah, like last night I went for a walk about
Amber Romero: Last night last night like before when I was like
Amber Romero: I went for a walk. Probably about 230 in the morning.
LIsa Anderson: Okay, when he was
Amber Romero: Yeah, I mean, I kind of felt like maybe if I got tired, it would work. Or they, you know, they get my body moving and maybe it'll help or something in order to help. All it did was give me a little bit more energized.
LIsa Anderson: Yeah, well, you know, maybe not at 230 in the morning, but definitely I would encourage you, no one can stay in their house 24 seven, you know, we would all go crazy, but definitely getting fresh air.
LIsa Anderson: Yeah, getting some sunshine and getting some exercise definitely can't hurt so so if anything
LIsa Anderson: I mean, do you think this next week, you might be able to say, do a walk one today.
Amber Romero: Oh, I mean I you know I mean, minus the day bicycle data. I mean I i've been i've been outside. I've been moving around like
Amber Romero: You know I it's easier for me because I can't see. So anyway, my legs.
Amber Romero: Hurt in it. I mean it. It helps
Amber Romero: It helps with the pain in my, in my day really does.
LIsa Anderson: help with the pain. Okay, what about how about four times.
LIsa Anderson: Or three
Amber Romero: Or four times a day.
LIsa Anderson: Four times in a week.
LIsa Anderson: No, not four times a day. What do you think like would feel like, you know, just a small kind of little goal that you could have for this next week.
Amber Romero: Um,
Amber Romero: Times are. Yeah, I mean I could I could do that.
Amber Romero: Man Walgreens has this
Amber Romero: Has this like hello
Amber Romero: Sorry about that. Oh, greens, has the most
Amber Romero: pressing buttons everywhere Walgreens has this
Amber Romero: Like health portion of their app. And basically it's like you choose.
Amber Romero: You choose like
Amber Romero: type deal. One of them is he happy.
Amber Romero: Times a week and or walk 30 minutes a day for five days or whatever, you know, like little goals and stuff. And as long as you do that and you meet the goals for that week they give you the points. Oh no. So yeah, it is pretty, you do get so many points and they gives you
Amber Romero: Like free stuff for X amount of dollars off of this or whatever but I
Amber Romero: I like to do that.
LIsa Anderson: Okay, awesome. We'll definitely keep using that, then that's kind of gives you
LIsa Anderson: That incentive. And that's kind of a fun way to track your, your progress by how many points. You can accumulate. So definitely keep that up. You know, I wanted to give you some things to kind of think about some tools that we kind of start implementing so
LIsa Anderson: Yeah, give get right heart a call. Oh, you know tomorrow afternoon, though, if you have any more issues with that prescription and we'll go ahead and just get your appointment set up for next next Thursday at one does that
LIsa Anderson: sound good. Okay.
LIsa Anderson: Um, let's get this
LIsa Anderson: Let's see the date for that is going to be the 30th. So we'll just do April 30 at one o'clock again. But if you need anything. In the meantime, you know, you'll have group and and you can definitely call between now and then.
Amber Romero: Okay yeah I I mentioned that in in that email I wrote to whoever whoever lady that was but yeah I mentioned, like I was told that if I had any issues, I can call and
Amber Romero: You know, now that I call it, nothing's working and i mean i don't know i don't know i'm pretty sure she's received it. I would think. Anyway, it's been five days I'm
Amber Romero: Going to kind of wasn't expecting a response that same time, I was, I had it all just it is what it is. It's already done, but I'm
LIsa Anderson: A response, just to
Amber Romero: Acknowledge, yeah.
Amber Romero: You're absolutely and
Amber Romero: You know, the, the, the whole like going to strip short of a day. I mean that that that kind of makes me wonder like, why
Amber Romero: You know why that happens.
Amber Romero: I don't know how I don't know how up for group. I'm going to be Charles
Amber Romero: Know if I'm not feeling okay
LIsa Anderson: Well, I
LIsa Anderson: Want you to get into Korea, you can get your prescription
Amber Romero: Because, well, yeah, I mean, I will, I will get it. But, um,
Amber Romero: You know, just, I don't know. I don't know exactly how I'm going to be feeling tomorrow, you know,
LIsa Anderson: Well, try to get some rest tonight. You know, so that you can be up in them out in time for group tomorrow. And then because I want you to have a chance to talk with Dr. Element about
LIsa Anderson: You know about your, your next Prescription refills so
LIsa Anderson: Yeah, hopefully. Hopefully you won't have that that issue again so
LIsa Anderson: I'm sorry that you had that to deal with that. But it sounds like you you know you did the best you could you didn't use
LIsa Anderson: And so, so that's that's a win for this week. I think
Yeah.
LIsa Anderson: So, okay. Is there anything else else you need or anything else you want to cover briefly before we sign off.
Amber Romero: I'm
Amber Romero: Just
Amber Romero: Just, you know, my I mean do I asked him again for anybody medication or
Amber Romero: How many times do I have to ask before it actually happens. No.
LIsa Anderson: I can't, I can't know what how that conversation went um
LIsa Anderson: I would
LIsa Anderson: And if if you know the the answer is not yet or
LIsa Anderson: You know, because of what's you know just where you're at in your recovery, um, you know, like my position as a therapist might be, let's let's use let's use it as a tool.
LIsa Anderson: To help you function.
LIsa Anderson: I also don't want it to be something that would like mask your symptoms are feeling sure you're not feeling your feelings but but again, I don't want you to be in so much distress that you can't function.
LIsa Anderson: It sounds like this is a
LIsa Anderson: Restlessness to
LIsa Anderson: But I definitely would say to talk with him. Yeah, it cannot hurt you know he he's your doctor, you know, we're here to help. We're all here to help. So I would definitely, yeah. Bring it up again and
LIsa Anderson: I would definitely bring it up again and you know it can't. It can't hurt just to have that conversation.
LIsa Anderson: And then definitely let's let's let's talk about it. Next, next week. Further, but yeah. It can't hurt to bring it up again.
Amber Romero: No ready
LIsa Anderson: Okay, yeah, I think it definitely can't, it's
LIsa Anderson: I think it definitely can't hurt to bring it up again. Yeah, just, you know, to bring it up again and and see what he says.
LIsa Anderson: Here.
LIsa Anderson: I talk next let's talk next Thursday and let me know and you know I can we, we do have meetings between the
LIsa Anderson: Doctors and the therapist, so
LIsa Anderson: I can kind of check in with him as far as how I feel like you know you're progressing here with us individually.
LIsa Anderson: And we'll go from there.
Amber Romero: In
LIsa Anderson: No way, that'll work. I'm sorry.
LIsa Anderson: I know that what that works.
LIsa Anderson: Okay. That works. Okay.
LIsa Anderson: All right, well let's let's give that a try and go from there.
Amber Romero: Okay. Sounds good.
Amber Romero: Well, I will talk to you next week.
Amber Romero: For your kiddos.
LIsa Anderson: Ever. Thank you. Okay.
Amber Romero: All right.
LIsa Anderson: Hey, bye.